docs(AzureVpcPeering): cross tenant support (#1106)
kyma-project/cloud-manager: docs/user/00-31-vpc-peering-authorization.md

## Microsoft Azure
<!-- VPC peering for Microsoft Azure is visible only in the Internal DRAFT version of Help Portal docs and it is not part of the Cloud Production version of Help Portal docs -->

> To authorize Cloud Manager in the remote subscription, Microsoft Azure requires specifying the service principal. Use the following table to identify the Cloud Manager Service Principal and Application ID based on your Kyma landscape. Then, perform the following actions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To authorize Cloud Manager in the remote subscription, Microsoft Azure requires specifying the service principal. Use the following table to identify the Cloud Manager service principal and application ID. Then, perform the following actions:
```
I don't think we need to capitalize the service principal and application ID in a setence.

| BTP Cockpit URL                    | Kyma Dashboard URL                     | Cloud Manager Service Principal  | Cloud Manager Application (Client) ID |
|------------------------------------|----------------------------------------|----------------------------------|---------------------------------------|
| https://canary.cockpit.btp.int.sap | https://dashboard.stage.kyma.cloud.sap | kyma-cloud-manager-peering-stage | 8e08320c-7e81-42bd-9eee-e5dae04cadf0  |
| https://emea.cockpit.btp.cloud.sap | https://dashboard.kyma.cloud.sap       | kyma-cloud-manager-peering-prod  | 202aa655-369d-4fe7-bbbc-d033d96a687e  |

> 1. Verify if Cloud Manager service principal exists in your tenant
> 2. Optional. Create service principal for Cloud Manager application in your tenant
> 3. Assign `Classic Network Contributor` and `Network Contributor` roles to Cloud Manager service principal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Verify if the Cloud Manager service principal exists in your tenant.
2. **Optional:** If the service principal doesn't exist, create one for the Cloud Manager application in your tenant.
3. Assign the `Classic Network Contributor` and `Network Contributor` roles to the Cloud Manager service principal.
```

> To authorize Cloud Manager in the remote subscription, Microsoft Azure requires specifying the service principal. Use the following table to identify the Cloud Manager service principal based on your Kyma landscape.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To authorize Cloud Manager in the remote subscription, Microsoft Azure requires specifying the service principal. Use the following table to identify the Cloud Manager service principal. Then, perform the required actions.
```
